# Scene
Since I got an odd number, I tried making a Star Fox clone for my scene. The player is a capsule that represents the Arwing spacecraft, and they can move around in 4 directions, up, down, left, and right, but they can't move forward. I did this to try and make the movement feel similar to the original game. I also made the player's speed fast as it seems like the ship is also pretty fast in the game. As the game progresses, enemies, which are blue cubes, will periodically spawn in random places on the screen and will damage the player if they touch them. These enemies will disappear about 4 seconds after they spawn so they don't fill the entire screen. The player can also grab a powerup that will restore their ship's health by a small amount.

# Command Pattern
I used a command pattern to make the player take damage from enemies, and to reverse damage when they pick up a powerup. I made a command interface script called "Command" that created the 2 functions my command would have, Execute and Undo. The command script called "DamagePlayer", which inherits from the command interface, gets the player's "ArwingController" in its constructor, and then overrides the Execute and Undo functions. For execute, it calls a function in the "ArwingController" called "DamagePlayer", which records the player's current health in the variable previousHealth, and reduces their health by 10 points if they have more than 0 health. If their health is less than or equal to 0, it's a game over and the scene is reset. For undo, it calls a function called "ReverseDamage", which sets the player's current health to their previous health, the health they had before they were last damaged.
